README.md, before:

## mac-setup

---
Set up your development environment on macOs very easily with just one command.

### Setps to follow :

##### `1. Clone the repo`

```bash
git clone https://github.com/tushartambe/mac-setup ~/mac-setup && cd mac-setup
```

##### `2. Run Script`

```bash
sh install.sh
```

---

##### `Note`

If script exited after installing oh-my-zsh then just rerun the script and don't set github mail and username

---

### Tools you'll get : 

- [Oh My Zsh](https://github.com/robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh)
- [Homebrew](http://brew.sh/)

##### `1. Command line tools`
- [autojump](https://github.com/wting/autojump)
- [zsh-autosuggestions](https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-autosuggestions)
- [zsh-syntax-highlighting](https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-syntax-highlighting)
- [zsh-completions](https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-completions)
- [tree](http://mama.indstate.edu/users/ice/tree/)
- [ack](https://beyondgrep.com/)
- [tig](https://jonas.github.io/tig/)
- [watch](https://gitlab.com/procps-ng/procps)
- [bat](https://github.com/sharkdp/bat)
- [tldr](https://tldr.sh/)
- [tmux](https://tmux.github.io/)
- [stern](https://github.com/stern/stern)
- [fzf](https://github.com/junegunn/fzf)
- [forgit](https://github.com/wfxr/forgit)

##### `2. macOs applications`
- [visual-studio-code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
- [intellij-idea](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/)
- [iterm2](https://iterm2.com/)
- [firefox](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/)
- [brave-browser](https://brave.com/)
- [postman](https://www.postman.com/)
- [flycut](https://github.com/TermiT/Flycut)
- [notion](https://www.notion.so/)
- [evernote](https://evernote.com/)
- [zoom](https://www.zoom.us/)
- [docker](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop)

##### `3. Vim Plugins`

- [auto-pairs](https://github.com/jiangmiao/auto-pairs.git)
- [AutoComplPop](https://github.com/vim-scripts/AutoComplPop.git)
- [nerdtree](https://github.com/scrooloose/nerdtree.git)
- [indentline](https://github.com/yggdroot/indentline.git)
- [lightline.vim](https://github.com/itchyny/lightline.vim.git)
- [vim-colorschemes](https://github.com/flazz/vim-colorschemes.git)
- [vim-gitgutter](https://github.com/airblade/vim-gitgutter.git)
- [vim-javascript](https://github.com/pangloss/vim-javascript.git)
- [multiple-cursors](https://github.com/terryma/vim-multiple-cursors.git)
- [vim-prettier](https://github.com/prettier/vim-prettier.git)

Commit message:

Add error cases and solutions in readme

README.md, after:

## mac-setup

---
Set up your development environment on macOs very easily with just one command.

### Setps to follow :

##### `1. Clone the repo`

```bash
git clone https://github.com/tushartambe/mac-setup ~/mac-setup && cd mac-setup
```

##### `2. Run Script`

```bash
sh install.sh
```

---

##### `Solve Errors and interruptions`

* Script will exit when you make zsh as default shell after installing oh-my-zsh then just `rerun the script` and don't set github mail and username
* If you get following error
```
[oh-my-zsh] Insecure completion-dependent directories detected:
```
Just set `ZSH_DISABLE_COMPFIX=true` in `~/.zshrc` before you source .oh-my-zsh in your zshrc file, and open new terminal or run `source ~/.zshrc`. 
* If auto-suggestions are shown in same color as your command then change and update it in colors tab of iterm2.
```
iTerm2 → Profiles → Open Profiles... → Select Custom → Edit Profiles...→ In the Colors tab → Check Black Bright
```
after changing this start new terminal.

---

### Tools you'll get : 

- [Oh My Zsh](https://github.com/robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh)
- [Homebrew](http://brew.sh/)

##### `1. Command line tools`
- [autojump](https://github.com/wting/autojump)
- [zsh-autosuggestions](https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-autosuggestions)
- [zsh-syntax-highlighting](https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-syntax-highlighting)
- [zsh-completions](https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-completions)
- [tree](http://mama.indstate.edu/users/ice/tree/)
- [ack](https://beyondgrep.com/)
- [tig](https://jonas.github.io/tig/)
- [watch](https://gitlab.com/procps-ng/procps)
- [bat](https://github.com/sharkdp/bat)
- [tldr](https://tldr.sh/)
- [tmux](https://tmux.github.io/)
- [stern](https://github.com/stern/stern)
- [fzf](https://github.com/junegunn/fzf)
- [forgit](https://github.com/wfxr/forgit)

##### `2. macOs applications`
- [visual-studio-code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
- [intellij-idea](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/)
- [iterm2](https://iterm2.com/)
- [firefox](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/)
- [brave-browser](https://brave.com/)
- [postman](https://www.postman.com/)
- [flycut](https://github.com/TermiT/Flycut)
- [notion](https://www.notion.so/)
- [evernote](https://evernote.com/)
- [zoom](https://www.zoom.us/)
- [docker](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop)

##### `3. Vim Plugins`

- [auto-pairs](https://github.com/jiangmiao/auto-pairs.git)
- [AutoComplPop](https://github.com/vim-scripts/AutoComplPop.git)
- [nerdtree](https://github.com/scrooloose/nerdtree.git)
- [indentline](https://github.com/yggdroot/indentline.git)
- [lightline.vim](https://github.com/itchyny/lightline.vim.git)
- [vim-colorschemes](https://github.com/flazz/vim-colorschemes.git)
- [vim-gitgutter](https://github.com/airblade/vim-gitgutter.git)
- [vim-javascript](https://github.com/pangloss/vim-javascript.git)
- [multiple-cursors](https://github.com/terryma/vim-multiple-cursors.git)
- [vim-prettier](https://github.com/prettier/vim-prettier.git)
